# Marketing_Strategy_Banking_AI

Digital banking is growing at an astounding rate, as digital payment options offer more  convenience and rewards, people gradually shift away from a cash-based economy, and this  is even more so after the pandemic. Mobile banking technology allows people to access their  accounts and deposit checks anytime and anywhere, which adds to the bank’s overall  strength. It is also a great tool to expand banking to include the needs of unbanked  households, albeit certain obstacles need to be overcome before that goal can be achieved. 
Before proceeding any further, we should know our target audience in this case, the  Unbanked. The Unbanked, are more than 7 million people, or 5.4% of the population, who  do not use banks or banking institutions in any capacity and generally pay for things using  cash. They typically do not have insurance, pensions, or any other type of professional  money-related services. They may take advantage of alternative financial services, such as  check-cashing and payday lending, if such services are available to them. 
Our goal, therefore, is to bring the Unbanked to the community banks. Community banks  are smaller sized banks that are usually locally owned and operated. They are closely  connected to their communities, making it possible to provide personalized banking services.  At the same time, due to their size and delayed sensitivity to technological progress, many  community banks are still rather behind in terms of digitized banking services. 

# Now to evaluate the three strategies: 
- Option A: Choose a challenger bank for each region and have one branding for all community  banks operating in that area. The risk of this strategy would be revenue generation being  heavily focused on challenger banks, which might decrease the revenue of local community  banks. In addition, this strategy does not align with our original aim, which is to expand our  market to sell our AI product, since challenger banks already have their own AI models. 

- Option B: Work with each community bank separately and brand the AI platform differently  for each separate bank. This would help meet the expectations of each regional community  bank, but would also take extra time to brand the AI platform separately.  

- Option C: Have a national strategy by partnering with bank technology vendors, the only risk  here is sharing profits with the technology vendor. 

Based on various features in Strategies A and C, we mapped out a hybrid of the two and  created a Go-to-Market strategy of partnering with existing technology vendors, since they  have long-term partnerships with different banks, which in turn would help to expand our  market in different regions. Furthermore, marketing the AI model as a one-fits-all solution  would distinguish our product from those of competitors. Last but not least, keeping our  product constantly up-to-date will attract younger customers, which is comparable to how  challenger banks run their digital banking models.
